docs/src/interface/structs.md, before:

# Structs design

!!! note

    Here is an interactive graph to illustrate the basic structs in this solver.
    
```@raw html
<iframe frameborder="0" style="width:100%;height:993px;" src="https://viewer.diagrams.net/?lightbox=1&target=blank&highlight=0000ff&nav=1&title=types.drawio&transparent=1&dark=1#Uhttps%3A%2F%2Fdrive.google.com%2Fuc%3Fid%3D12XsHGS7FoGt8cuzTLdUagSsZHNrODts8%26export%3Ddownload" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>
```

Green blocks are structs that users need to interact with, and they follow a similar hierarchical logic. To maximize support for users to easily implement custom algorithms, we have added an Extra structure to each structure. For example, for `Particle`, it is `UserParticleExtra`.

!!! note

    Although `Args` has a user-customizable struct called `UserArgsExtra`, like other `Args`, it cannot be directly used as input for the kernel function; it can only pass its values (bits) to the kernel function.

When the user instantiates green blocks, the data will be automatically transferred between different computing backends based on the user's selection. For internal information about the types, please refer to the source code.

Commit message:

Enhance documentation for backend-agnostic solver and structs design; clarify usage and custom field specifications

docs/src/interface/structs.md, after:

# Structs design

The solver provides three main struct types: 1) **Configurations**, 2) **Background grid**, 3) **Material particles**.

**Configurations** use the `Config` type and store settings such as simulation time, adaptive time stepping, whether to save results as HDF5, etc.

The **Background grid** uses the `DeviceGrid` type and stores information such as grid size, spacing, and number of nodes. Only structured grids are supported.

**Material particles** use the `DeviceParticle` type and represent the discrete particles of the model, storing quantities such as particle count, velocity, stress, and more.

Both `DeviceGrid` and `DeviceParticle` support the plugin system. If the default fields are not sufficient (which is true in most cases), users may add custom fields.

!!! note

    Custom fields can only be scalar or array types of Real, e.g., `(custom1 = 1.2, custom2 = rand(10, 2))`.

!!! note

    You are responsible for specifying the numerical precision of custom fields.
