README.md, before:

# *MaterialPointSolver* <img src="docs/src/assets/logo.png" align="right" height="126" />

[![CI](https://github.com/LandslideSIM/MaterialPointSolver.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LandslideSIM/MaterialPointSolver.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg?logo=quicklook)](https://landslidesim.github.io/MaterialPointSolver.jl/stable/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v0.3.10-pink)]()

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-CUDA-green.svg?logo=nvidia)](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/AMD-ROCm-red.svg?logo=amd)](https://www.amd.com/en/products/software/rocm.html)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intel-oneAPI-blue.svg?logo=intel)](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/overview.html)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apple-Metal-purple.svg?logo=apple)](https://developer.apple.com/metal/)

<p>
This package provides a high-performance, backend-agnostic implementation of the Material Point Method (MPM) using the <a href="https://julialang.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JuliaLang/julia-logo-graphics/master/images/julia.ico" width="16em"> Julia Language</a>. It is lightweight and user-friendly, allowing efficient execution on various hardware accelerators with a single codebase. Please check here for the <a href="https://github.com/LandslideSIM/MaterialPointSolver.jl/wiki" target="_blank">documentation</a>.
</p>

## Installation ⚙️

Just type <kbd>]</kbd> in Julia's `REPL`:

```julia
julia> ]
(@1.11) Pkg> add MaterialPointSolver
```

## Citation ❤
If you use `MaterialPointSolver.jl` in your research, please consider to cite this paper:

```bib
@article{index,
  title={Here is the title},
  author={authors},
  journal={journal},
  year={year}
}
```
> [!CAUTION]
> This is the latest version of `MaterialPointSover.jl`, if you want to see the examples in the paper, please move to [https://github.com/LandslideSIM/Archive_MaterialPointSolver.jl_paper](https://github.com/LandslideSIM/Archive_MaterialPointSolver.jl_paper).

## Acknowledgement 👍

This project is sponsored by [Risk Group | Université de Lausanne](https://wp.unil.ch/risk/) and [China Scholarship Council [中国国家留学基金管理委员会]](https://www.csc.edu.cn/).

## MPM ➕ Julia

* [[package]: elastoPlasm.jl](https://github.com/ewyser/elastoPlasm.jl) is fully witten in Julia, it solves explicit elasto-plastic problems within a finite deformation framework.

* [[package]: Tesserae.jl](https://github.com/KeitaNakamura/Tesserae.jl) is an MPM-related Julia package, it provides some useful functions that can be used for MPM, such as convenient macros for transferring data between grids and particles.

* [[code]: MPM-Julia](https://github.com/vinhphunguyen/MPM-Julia) is the code for the paper: Sinai, V.P. Nguyen, C.T. Nguyen and S. Bordas. Programming the Material Point Method in Julia. Advances in Engineering Software,105: 17--29, 2017.

* [[code]: jump](https://github.com/vinhphunguyen/jump) is for the theory of the MPM described in the book 'The Material Point Method: Theory, Implementations and Applications (Scientific Computation) 1st ed. 2023 Edition'. [https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-24070-6](https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-24070-6)

Commit message:

🫥 Add video showcases to `README`

README.md, after:

# *MaterialPointSolver* <img src="docs/src/assets/logo.png" align="right" height="126" />

[![CI](https://github.com/LandslideSIM/MaterialPointSolver.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LandslideSIM/MaterialPointSolver.jl/actions/workflows/ci.yml) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg?logo=quicklook)](https://landslidesim.github.io/MaterialPointSolver.jl/stable/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v0.3.10-pink)]()

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/NVIDIA-CUDA-green.svg?logo=nvidia)](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/AMD-ROCm-red.svg?logo=amd)](https://www.amd.com/en/products/software/rocm.html)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Intel-oneAPI-blue.svg?logo=intel)](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/overview.html)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apple-Metal-purple.svg?logo=apple)](https://developer.apple.com/metal/)

<p>
This package provides a high-performance, backend-agnostic implementation of the Material Point Method (MPM) using the <a href="https://julialang.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JuliaLang/julia-logo-graphics/master/images/julia.ico" width="16em"> Julia Language</a>. It is lightweight and user-friendly, allowing efficient execution on various hardware accelerators with a single codebase. Please check here for the <a href="https://github.com/LandslideSIM/MaterialPointSolver.jl/wiki" target="_blank">documentation</a>.
</p>

## Installation ⚙️

Just type <kbd>]</kbd> in Julia's `REPL`:

```julia
julia> ]
(@1.11) Pkg> add MaterialPointSolver
```

## Showcases

| | | |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| <video width="200" autoplay muted loop><source src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/537b2645-f2f7-481c-b889-fd544125261b" type="video/mp4">Your browser does not support the video tag.</video> | <video width="200" autoplay muted loop><source src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ae288f5-da45-4782-9da9-f69031eff234" type="video/mp4">Your browser does not support the video tag.</video> | <video width="200" autoplay muted loop><source src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/12f1bf17-90e3-4b64-bb28-29efb9542c95" type="video/mp4">Your browser does not support the video tag.</video> |

| |
|:--:|
|<video width="600" autoplay muted loop><source src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/957fbfb0-24ca-431c-bc17-ffe045cd6f4b" type="video/mp4">Your browser does not support the video tag.</video>|



## Citation ❤
If you use `MaterialPointSolver.jl` in your research, please consider to cite this paper:

```bib
@article{index,
  title={Here is the title},
  author={authors},
  journal={journal},
  year={year}
}
```
> [!CAUTION]
> This is the latest version of `MaterialPointSover.jl`, if you want to see the examples in the paper, please move to [https://github.com/LandslideSIM/Archive_MaterialPointSolver.jl_paper](https://github.com/LandslideSIM/Archive_MaterialPointSolver.jl_paper).

## Acknowledgement 👍

This project is sponsored by [Risk Group | Université de Lausanne](https://wp.unil.ch/risk/) and [China Scholarship Council [中国国家留学基金管理委员会]](https://www.csc.edu.cn/).

## MPM ➕ Julia

* [[package]: elastoPlasm.jl](https://github.com/ewyser/elastoPlasm.jl) is fully witten in Julia, it solves explicit elasto-plastic problems within a finite deformation framework.

* [[package]: Tesserae.jl](https://github.com/KeitaNakamura/Tesserae.jl) is an MPM-related Julia package, it provides some useful functions that can be used for MPM, such as convenient macros for transferring data between grids and particles.

* [[code]: MPM-Julia](https://github.com/vinhphunguyen/MPM-Julia) is the code for the paper: Sinai, V.P. Nguyen, C.T. Nguyen and S. Bordas. Programming the Material Point Method in Julia. Advances in Engineering Software,105: 17--29, 2017.

* [[code]: jump](https://github.com/vinhphunguyen/jump) is for the theory of the MPM described in the book 'The Material Point Method: Theory, Implementations and Applications (Scientific Computation) 1st ed. 2023 Edition'. [https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-24070-6](https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-24070-6)
